I'm too damn old to know anything
You asked me to find a job
That's not what I'm thinking about
I have raised you for half my life
These things?
You should also think about it yourself
Su Qiming, you can't treat me like this
Mingze Mingyuan The depth of the Ming Dynasty is
second uncle
Please help me. Who are you to talk to me like that?
Are your ears not very good?
Do you want me to take a look for you?
Ah Yingying get up
Dad and Second Uncle can't afford to suffer
I'm fat with your second uncle's temper
I know best
In the company for decades
Face what he did
I open one eye and smoke a cigarette
After all
He's my only brother, isn't he?
But if he bullies you
Then I can't stand it either.
Let him come over, such a good day for decades
I've done my best
Hope he can figure it out
OK, I see.
Daddy?
You've done a great job and you're a good brother
And a good father
You, you, hahahaha.